Zeel Walls aims to provide you with Unique,Enthuasiast take on AI Wallpapers that takes AI walls experience to whole another level. 

Ensuring all your customization needs are met, with our top class creations, ensuring there are no faults!

Get the pleasing experience out of your phone with Stunning 4k Quality Wallpaper that Makes your Homescreen, lockscreen Look Stunning. that you'll fall in your phone all over again! 

Updated Daily to add 3 new Wallpapers on daily free section and 3 wallpapers on Zeel Pro Section, while the collections are updated on byweekly.

Each and every wall you see in zeel walls are crafted by keeping your customization needs in mind. Walls are highly about getting your personalization level up! ensuring pleasing viewing experience, eye catchy display of work that let's you focus on things that matters!

Zeel Walls offers you walls in Categories that you mostly care about. It keeps on growing with daily updates. No weekends for us! we're constantly working on serving you the best possible experience.
Each day We're adding Unique, Pleasing, eye candy wallpapers. While making sure users are satisfied with what they get out of Zeel Walls.

Features :

Zeel Daily - 3 New Walls Added daily. adding a whole lot value to our free users with over 200+ walls already in the app right now and increasing at rapid speed. You get the most value out of Zeel Walls.

Zeel Pro: 3 New Walls Added Daily other than Free wallpapers to our zeel pro section. ensuring similar Higher Quality Experience, but to provide a bit more for our paid users. Pro section gets about 1k+ walls yearly!

Zeel Collections - Collections unlike ever seen before. we make one only when it's absolutely necessary and adds value to your experience! currently we feature 2 free wallpapers with Miniature cars, Nature's Odassey and 3 paid collections featuring highest Standards featuring brushed reality with painted artworks that takes you to whole different world! and totoro figurines that gets Adorable compliment out of you!

Favourites : liking wallpaper a lot? Add it in favorites for easy access.

Notifications: Receive Notifications for Newly Added Wallpaper update. You can unsubscribe from the notifications option available inside settings.
Request Wall: Can't find a specific type of wallpaper style with zeel? that's not the experience we want for you, so just hit us with refference in email and we'll get your needs fullfilled at no added extra cost! 

4k Wallpapers: all wallpapers are made at a resolution of 1720x3728 (Equivalent to 4k Resolution)

Categories :
Amoled,Aesthetic,Gaming,3D Renders,Floral,Space,Cute,Kawaii,Futuristic,Pastel,Simple,Characters,Pink,Anime,Artscapes,Photoscapes,Illustration,Aesthetic,Niagara launcher Specifics,Glitch,trippy,Pixels,textures and a whole lot more 
you're sure to find your next favourite wallpapers with zeel! mark our word. your search literally ends here!

Updates:
New wallpaper added daily. You'll see new content in the app every daily! Don't take our word, just be on lookout for it. experience it to know it's worth! (Updated usually around 8-11PM IST daily).

Do know that New walls are added as OTA (Over-The-Air) Update daily. App update date on the play store doesn't refer to the last time content was added in-app.


What is coming in upcoming releases?

Work on suggestions and changes requested by users on daily basis! We value you for sticking with us, so we're gonna ensure all your requests are fullfilled as they came up on surface! 

AI Filters - taking walls a bit further by smartly picking filters that takes wallpaper to whole another level! 

Better and improved App User Experience (Work in progress)

And Much more.
Suggestions are always welcome. We Highly appreciate your feedback!

Feel free to contact us
If you have any problems or questions or need some confirmation regarding any doubts you have 
@zeelwalls or ybgosavi12@gmail.com

Credits :
Developed by Bavith Wilson
Curated by Yogesh Gosavi (YoG)

Huge Thanks to all of you for your support throughout years that has always made up stick to coming up with more customization goodies! 
We're grateful for all the honest, brutal, genuine feedback and suggestions I got from you. Without you guys, Zeel Walls would not have been possible. I highly appreciate the amount of time and effort you'all put into all of this.

DISCLAIMER:
All the artworks offered on Joy Walls are for Personal Use only! If you are interested in using my artwork for a commercial purpose, please do contact me at ybgosavi12@gmail.com

PLEASE DON'T RE-UPLOAD OR SHARE ANY WALLPAPER FROM THIS APP

Thank you for all your support! I Highly appreciate your feedback and suggestions. Do you like what Zeel Walls have to offer? Do leave a genuine review.

Having some issues regarding your Purchase?
Allow me to help you resolve the issue. Please email me at ybgosavi12@gmail.com I'll resolve the issue as quickly as possible.